hello everyone I'm Alex dykes and today
we're out here in beautiful Canada
taking a look at the all new Lexus NX
crossover this is not only lexus's
smallest crossover in the United States
now but it is also the only turbo Lexus
that Lexus has ever sold in this market
now with all the research and
development going on with the engine
under the hood that we'll talk about in
a bit I do expect to see this migrate
its way into other lexus products most
likely that lexus is in the future now
contrary to what you may have heard
online the NX is not a shrunken version
of the RX 350 and neither is it a luxury
version of the toyota rav4 in fact this
vehicle is ninety percent new and the
ten percent that it does share with the
rest of the lexus lineup is confined
mostly to that lexus line up with the
exception of the available hybrid
drivetrain which is also shared with the
avalon and the camry but more on that
later up front we have this lexus
signature spindle grille on the NX now
the NX is one of the first vehicles
designed specifically with this grille
and this whole design theme in mind from
the very beginning and as a result it
looks a lot more cohesive than on the
larger lexus suvs we have this nike
swoosh like daytime running lamps is
divorced from the headlamp that's
something that you see in the lexus is
as well and all NX models in the united
states will start out with standard LED
low beams our particular model has the
optional LED high beams which do give
you this slightly sexier headlamp
looking module right here you can
probably see it in the camera is just
sort of some beams of light but the
light module itself has some l themes
going on it that mirror this nike swoosh
right here helping keep costs down fog
lamps are not standard on the NX but you
can get them on various option packages
like our model is so equipped right here
we also have the optional parking
sensors that are very well integrated
into the front bumper now over here we
have this large lexus logo right here
that hides the optional radar cruise
control system the NX has a very
attractive side profile it's an awful
lot more expressive than i expected out
of lexus to be honest in fact overall
this vehicle i think is not a lot more
exciting than the traditional lexus that
we've come to know over here we have
this character line that swoops all the
way down and then rises as we go to the
rear and we have this relatively drastic
sloping rear hatch glass right here the
sloping half glass is of course
reminiscent of the lexus RX but very
much like the RX most of this sloping is
actually due to the styling and the
window line right here because the
actual roof of the vehicle
is relatively square really helping out
that interior room up front we have a
decidedly front-wheel drive overhang and
that's versus something like the
Mercedes GLK or the BMW x3 and that's
the distance from the front part of the
car to right here by the wheel well now
you will find something a little bit
shorter in the BMW as well as the
Mercedes but this is about